I arrive at a broken-downish warehouse and double check that the address that the nice lady with a nice smile–I can’t remember her name–had given me was correct. Now that I’m thinking back to our conversation, she did tell me that the place would look at least a little broken down. To be honest I don’t think it looks that bad. At Ms. Smiley’s card’s instructions I start to walk around to the backdoor. This place is huge! Like, from the front it looks way smaller but when you go around the back, it’s like, so long! Why do they need such a long warehouse? I stop and contemplate that question for a second. Anyway, I continue to go down the side of the long warehouse, the morning sun makes the windows on the side look really pretty. Ms. Smiley said that there was an orientation I had to attend, which I thought was weird but I’m pretty sure I’m going to be late if I don’t run really quickly. 
After a brief bit of sprinting, I arrive at the backdoor heaving and panting, and enter. The room is dimly lit and I see Ms. Smiley getting ready to say something into a microphone. 
	“Hello new recruits!” Ms. Smiley says, her smile is really bright and welcoming but the rest of her just seems tired, “My name is Kayla and today I’m going to show you around the Sauveur’s base!” I’m confused, the ad I got was about free housing… and, aren’t the
 Sauveurs a rebel group who are against Nimue and her probably evil plans for the kingdom? Well whatever, Moms would’ve wanted me doing this kind of stuff.
	“What about the free housing?” Somebody calls out from the six person–including me–crowd. 
	“Oh, yeah that too” Kayla responds, she couldn’t be more than two years older than me. “Well, follow me! We’ll get to the apartments at the end.” Kayla leads us down a flight of stairs to this important looking room but I don’t really notice any of the details. There was this pretty boy that passed by us, I mean everyone’s pretty in my opinion but he’s really pretty, the way he walked, and how he styled his reddish brown hair made him have this regal vibe. But when I saw his eyes they looked distant and almost scared. Who was that person? I start walking around with the group half paying attention and half daydreaming, until we get to the apartments where she tells us about how we will have roommates then concludes the orientation and assigns us our rooms.
	“Oh, and just to let you guys know because our benefactor is so generous, each of you get one thousand Crann to spend on personal items, the Crann will be in your respected rooms.” Kayla says before leaving us.
	“Who’s the benefactor?” I ask leaning over to the person on my right, they have thick-rimmed glasses and even though their face is neutral I can tell by the way they side-eye me that they are annoyed.
	“His name is Mr. Hiltony, he’s this super rich dude who supposedly wants to help our kingdom but really he just wants to get his name out there.”
	“Oh, that’s… cool, thanks” I say as I walk over to my assigned room. It’s all the way on the end of the hallway so at least it’ll have some nice windows, but it’s annoyingly far from the staircase. That’s going to be a pain later.
